# ALABSIM
Autonomous driving has great technical advantages in improving driving safety, easing traffic congestion and reducing traffic pollution. Large-scale testing of self-driving vehicles is a prerequisite for its promotion on the ground, and it has become an important solution for the industry to replicate the real traffic environment for simulation testing with the help of digital virtual simulation technology. However, the existing simulation test platform has a series of problems such as lack of real traffic attributes, inability to simulate real sensor perception behavior, and low testing efficiency. This work builds a digital simulation platform for intelligent networked traffic for autonomous driving simulation testing. The main contents are as follows: ① Build a scene library containing basic scenes and edge scenes, and import real traffic trajectories based on SUMO, and finally restore a variety of sensing devices in the scenes to realize the prototype construction of the simulation platform. ② Realize Autoware autonomous driving model deployment and enhance scene generation based on importance sampling to accelerate autonomous driving test efficiency. ③The three extended technologies of human-machine interaction, real vehicle access and online traffic simulation cloud platform are realized to meet the demand of autonomous driving simulation in all aspects and further improve the efficiency of the testing process. Some scenarios of the platform have been used for intelligent simulation tests at the Yangtze River Delta (Yancheng) Intelligent Networked Vehicle Proving Ground, and are being used for autonomous driving on-the-road technology services at Nvidia Nanjing Innovation Empowerment Center.
